I will explain the process to you so you understand what is going on. 

I'm building a seasonal workforce hr management app using replit/typescript. The problem we have is that we work in masjid alharam in golf cart operations and suddenly in ramadan or hajj we need to recruit 5000 or 8000 people as fast as possible. you can imagine how confusing and chaotic this is using traditional paperwork. 

We have two types of recruitment. The first one is regular candidates. Candidates which we get from the streets. The other type is SMP, forbidden to talk to their employee directly, we talk to their firm and tell them we need 200 manpower. 

I have design the hr app to have the following workflow:

1. SMP? Create SMP contract first, contract name, number, end date, start date and notes. That's it. Then we have a page or section of the software called Talent. It is where all the people who signed up are stored as candidates. We go to this section, download the excel template, paste the SMP chosen employees in it and then reupload it into the upload talent page. Those SMP employees then become registered in our database and get profiles created and waiting for their visit to the website for profile activation. In addition, we mark those employees in the talent page as SMP (we have to specify which contract though). Their profiles from the inside have file upload dialogs which ask them for the ID copy and personal photo only, no iban and no contract since we deal with their company not them on the individual level. after that, if we search the talent pool to show SMP employee only, we could click a button on them to convert them to employees directly. read down below to understand the difference between onboarding, employee etc. 
2. Regular candidate? First create an event (a bucket) e.g. Ramadan 2026. Then create a job post which is public url. candidates access this url since they get it in whatsapp groups. Try to apply and then they are redirected to the sign up page. They sign up using their phone number which is OTPed first to ensure data health. then they have to enter their first name last name, id number and then go to complete your profile section to ensure we grab their basic info such as age, education, chronic diseases etc. After that, they access their profile and see the jobs we posted, go to the job, click apply and then the job is applied to and is under review. After that, in the backoffice, I have to go to interview & training section which is basically a section where we create a group and give it group name, venue name, venue google location, date, time and sms template which is APIed with an SMS gateway. Within that group creation, I could select a job and see all applicants (individuals hah, remember not SMP) and choose for example 200 out of 1000. Upon creation, an SMS which I defined in the creation before will be sent to those 200 people to let them know that they have been chosen and need to come for an interview at this location, this time bla bla. They come, we see them and access the created group and infront of each candidate there is a thumbs up and thumbs down, if we click thumbs up, it means the candidate was shortlisted. After that we go to a different page called onboarding. In this we admit candidates from the shortlisted list and we see them in the onboarding list. The app is smart, it immediately shows the documents that were supposed to be uploaded in the user profile which are Personal photo, ID, iBAN Cert and job contract (which we will upload to the candidate to sign later), if none of those is completed then the onboarding status for this guy is still under process and there is an automated sms process to keep sending reminders to upload the documents every 24hr. If all documents are complete, we click "Convert to Employee" then the employee goes to the workforce section or page within the software where he is issued an employee ID number and becomes a real employee subject to payroll.  

What you think of this design? any suggestions? 